https://codepen.io/GlitchyRolodex/pen/gObbapj?editors=1100
1. What is Semantic HTML? - Semantics add context to HTML
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML are the bones that we use to build out websites
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? They are the "names" we give HTML like Class or ID
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? Tells search engines what is the most important thing on the page, should only be used 1x
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes ID and Href
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The title, the most important thing on the webpage
    7. What is an id? its a unique attribute only 1 per page 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? only one time
    10. What is a class? a name you give an element or elements on page. Putting attributes in a class and then adding change via css to the class will change all attributes
    11. What elements can I add a class to? - any element 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? - only one unique class name but you can have all the classes 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? by creating a target= "target blank" in anchor tags
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? alternative text if the first one cant be displayed by the users computer
    15. How do I reference an id? using a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div sections tell the page that the content is grouped and div does define anything other than signaling the seperation of unrelated content
    17. What is CSS used for?  to beautify HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2 { 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. Make a class when you want to target all of section to have the same look. ID is when you want to make only want to target one unique attribute that might be affect by other styling
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? . {
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? Parent is the main selector and child are nested under it. you can select child with out messing with parent
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a hover attribute for example. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height: px;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing: px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? capitalize: uppercase: lowercase:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm drag and drop files. just like any file getting deleted its gone 
    34. Why should I use version control? so you don't mess up others work
    35. How often should I commit to github? 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    git add .
    git commit -m 
    git push origin


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 